# [Use const for Action Types](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/redux/use-const-for-action-types)

A common practice when working with Redux is to assign action types as read-only constants, then reference these constants wherever they are used. You can refactor the code you're working with to write the action types as `const` declarations.

### Explanation
Using a const for Action Types has a big advantage over using strings.

**Accidental mispellings of strings can lead to errors.**

You may spell type: `'LOGIN'` correctly in your action creator but mispell `type: 'LOGN'` in your reducer as shown below.

```
const loginUser = () => {
  return {
    type: "LOGIN"
  };
};

const authReducer = (state = defaultState, action) => {
  switch (action.type) {
    case "LOGN":
      return {
        authenticated: true
      };

    case "LOGOUT":
      return {
        authenticated: false
      };

    default:
      return state;
  }
};
```

By using a const for the Action Type, it won’t matter if your string is mispelled because both the reducer’s switch statement and the Action Type are referencing the `same const`. Using a `const` may also lead your code editor to suggesting the `const` as you are typing it, thus reducing the chance of mispelling the const.

## Practice
Declare `LOGIN` and `LOGOUT` as `const` values and assign them to the strings `'LOGIN'` and `'LOGOUT'`, respectively. Then, edit the `authReducer()` and the action creators to reference these constants instead of string values.

**Note:** It's generally a convention to write constants in all uppercase, and this is standard practice in Redux as well.

1. Calling the function loginUser should return an object with type property set to the string LOGIN.
2. Calling the function logoutUser should return an object with type property set to the string LOGOUT.
3. The store should be initialized with an object with property login set to false.
4. Dispatching loginUser should update the login property in the store state to true.
5. Dispatching logoutUser should update the login property in the store state to false.
6. The authReducer function should handle multiple action types with a switch statement.
7. LOGIN and LOGOUT should be declared as const values and should be assigned strings of LOGINand LOGOUT.
8. The action creators and the reducer should reference the LOGIN and LOGOUT constants.

```
// change code below this line
const LOGIN = 'LOGIN';
const LOGOUT = 'LOGOUT';
// change code above this line

const defaultState = {
  authenticated: false
};

const authReducer = (state = defaultState, action) => {

  switch (action.type) {

    case LOGIN:
      return {
        authenticated: true
      }

    case LOGOUT:
      return {
        authenticated: false
      }

    default:
      return state;

  }

};

const store = Redux.createStore(authReducer);

const loginUser = () => {
  return {
    type: LOGIN
  }
};

const logoutUser = () => {
  return {
    type: LOGOUT
  }
};
```