# [Copy an Object with Object.assign](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/redux/copy-an-object-with-object-assign)

The last several challenges worked with arrays, but there are ways to help enforce state immutability when state is an `object`, too. A useful tool for handling objects is the `Object.assign()` utility. `Object.assign()` takes a target object and source objects and maps properties from the source objects to the target object. Any matching properties are overwritten by properties in the source objects. This behavior is commonly used to make shallow copies of objects by passing an empty object as the first argument followed by the object(s) you want to copy. Here's an example:

```
const newObject = Object.assign({}, obj1, obj2);
```
This creates `newObject` as a new `object`, which contains the properties that currently exist in `obj1` and `obj2`.

### Explanation 
1. Use the method `Object.assign({}, obj1, obj2)` in return. Pass state as obj1.

2. The obj2 should be the updated `{key: value}` pair of your state.

## Practice
The Redux state and actions were modified to handle an `object` for the `state`. Edit the code to return a new `state` object for actions with type `ONLINE`, which set the `status` property to the string `online`. Try to use `Object.assign()` to complete the challenge.

1. The Redux store should exist and initialize with a state that is equivalent to the `defaultState` object declared on line 1.
2. `wakeUp` and `immutableReducer` both should be functions.
3. Dispatching an action of type `ONLINE` should update the property `status` in state to `online` and should NOT mutate state.
4. `Object.assign` should be used to return new state.

```
const defaultState = {
  user: "CamperBot",
  status: "offline",
  friends: "732,982",
  community: "freeCodeCamp"
};

const immutableReducer = (state = defaultState, action) => {
  switch (action.type) {
    case "ONLINE":
      // to enforce state immutability, return a new state object using Object.assign() method
      return Object.assign({}, state, { status: "online" });
    default:
      return state;
  }
};

const wakeUp = () => {
  return {
    type: "ONLINE"
  };
};

const store = Redux.createStore(immutableReducer);
```