# [Use @for to Create a Sass Loop](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/sass/use-for-to-create-a-sass-loop)

The @for directive adds styles in a loop, very similar to a for loop in JavaScript.

@for is used in two ways: "start through end" or "start to end". The main difference is that the "start to end" excludes the end number as part of the count, and "start through end" includes the end number as part of the count.

Here's a start through end example:

```
@for $i from 1 through 12 {
  .col-#{$i} { width: 100%/12 * $i; }
}
```

The `#{$i}` part is the syntax to combine a variable (i) with text to make a string. When the Sass file is converted to CSS, it looks like this:

```
.col-1 {
  width: 8.33333%;
}

.col-2 {
  width: 16.66667%;
}

...

.col-12 {
  width: 100%;
}
```

This is a powerful way to create a grid layout. Now you have twelve options for column widths available as CSS classes.

Write a `@for` directive that takes a variable `$j` that goes from 1 to 6.

It should create 5 classes called `.text-1` to `.text-5` where each has a font-size set to 15px multiplied by the index.


### Problem Explanation
The basic syntax of @for loop in SASS:

- For - through loop:
```
@for $i from <start number> through <end number> {
  // some CSS
}
```
- For - to loop:
```
@for $i from <start number> to <end number> {
  // some CSS
}
```
Notice that the main difference is that “start to end” excludes the end number, and “start through end” includes the end number.

For example:

- For - through loop:
```
@for $i from 1 through 3 {
  // some CSS
}
// 1 2 3
```

- For - to loop:
```
@for $i from 1 to 3 {
  // some CSS
}
// 1 2
```

Guideline from SASS Guideline 59 : 
The `@for` loop might be useful when combined with CSS’ `:nth-*` pseudo-classes. Except for these scenarios, prefer an `@each` loop if you have to iterate over something.

```
@for $i from 1 through 10 {
  .foo:nth-of-type(#{$i}) {
    border-color: hsl($i * 36, 50%, 50%);
  }
}
```

Always use `$i` as a variable name to stick to the usual convention and unless you have a really good reason to, never use the to keyword: always use through. Many developers do not even know Sass offers this variation; using it might lead to confusion.

Also be sure to respect those guidelines to preserve readability:

Always an empty new line before `@for;`
Always an empty new line after the closing brace `(})` unless the next line is a closing brace `(})`.


## Practice
1. Your code should use the @for directive.
2. Your .text-1 class should have a font-size of 15px.
3. Your .text-2 class should have a font-size of 30px.
4. Your .text-3 class should have a font-size of 45px.
5. Your .text-4 class should have a font-size of 60px.
6. Your .text-5 class should have a font-size of 75px.


```
<style type='text/scss'>
  @for $j from 1 through 5 {
    .text-#{$j} { font-size: 15px * $j; }
  }
</style>

<p class="text-1">Hello</p>
<p class="text-2">Hello</p>
<p class="text-3">Hello</p>
<p class="text-4">Hello</p>
<p class="text-5">Hello</p>
```