# [Apply a Style Until a Condition is Met with @while](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/sass/apply-a-style-until-a-condition-is-met-with-while)

The `@while` directive is an option with similar functionality to the JavaScript while loop. It creates CSS rules until a condition is met.

The `@for` challenge gave an example to create a simple grid system. This can also work with @while.

```
$x: 1;
@while $x < 13 {
  .col-#{$x} { width: 100%/12 * $x;}
  $x: $x + 1;
}
```

First, define a variable `$x` and set it to `1`. Next, use the @while directive to create the grid system while `$x` is less than `13`. After setting the CSS rule for width, `$x` is incremented by `1` to avoid an infinite loop.

Use `@while` to create a series of classes with different `font-sizes`.

There should be 5 different classes from `text-1` to `text-5`. Then set `font-size` to `15px` multiplied by the current index number. Make sure to avoid an infinite loop!

### Problem Explanation
This program is very simple, the trick is to remember how while looping works.

1. Make sure your zoom settings are at 100% or default otherwise tests sometimes fail. 
2. You will initialise the loop first with x as: $x: 1
3. See the example for @while syntax, @while $x < 11
4. To set class properties inside a loop we reference them enclosed by #{}, hence ere it will become: .text-#{$x}

## Practice
1. Your code should use the @while directive.
2. Your code should use an index variable which starts at an index of 1.
3. Your code should increment the counter variable.
4. Your .text-1 class should have a font-size of 15px.
5. Your .text-2 class should have a font-size of 30px.
6. Your .text-3 class should have a font-size of 45px.
7. Your .text-4 class should have a font-size of 60px.
8. Your .text-5 class should have a font-size of 75px.


``` 
<style type='text/scss'>

  $x: 1;
  @while $x < 11 {
    .text-#{$x} { 
      font-size: 15px * $x;
    }
    $x: $x + 1;
  }
  
  </style>
  
  <p class="text-1">Hello</p>
  <p class="text-2">Hello</p>
  <p class="text-3">Hello</p>
  <p class="text-4">Hello</p>
  <p class="text-5">Hello</p>

```