# [Render HTML Elements to the DOM](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/react/render-html-elements-to-the-dom)

So far, you've learned that JSX is a convenient tool to write readable HTML within JavaScript. With React, we can render this JSX directly to the HTML DOM using React's rendering API known as ReactDOM.

ReactDOM offers a simple method to render React elements to the DOM which looks like this: `ReactDOM.render(componentToRender, targetNode)`, where the first argument is the React element or component that you want to render, and the second argument is the DOM node that you want to render the component to.

As you would expect, `ReactDOM.render()` must be called after the JSX element declarations, just like how you must declare variables before using them.

The code editor has a simple JSX component. Use the `ReactDOM.render()` method to render this component to the page. You can pass defined JSX elements directly in as the first argument and use `document.getElementById()` to select the DOM node to render them to. There is a `div` with `id='challenge-node'` available for you to use. Make sure you don't change the `JSX` constant.

### Explanation
To render an element to the DOM, we use the following syntax:
```
ReactDOM.render(<item to be rendered>, <where to be rendered>);
```

Use the Document method `getElementById()` to target a specfic node in the DOM:

```
document.getElementByID(<target node>)
```

Use the Document method `getElementById()` as an argument within the ReactDOM method `render()` to solve this challenge.

Following the syntax, we would add this line of code to render the JSX element to the div with the id of challenge-node.

## Practice

1. The constant JSX should return a div element.
2. The div should contain an h1 tag as the first element.
3. The div should contain a p tag as the second element.
4. The provided JSX element should render to the DOM node with id challenge-node.

```
ReactDOM.render(JSX, document.getElementById("challenge-node"));
```

