# [Define an HTML Class in JSX](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/react/define-an-html-class-in-jsx)

Now that you're getting comfortable writing JSX, you may be wondering how it differs from HTML.

So far, it may seem that HTML and JSX are exactly the same.

One key difference in JSX is that you can no longer use the word `class` to define HTML classes. This is because `class` is a reserved word in JavaScript. Instead, JSX uses `className`.

In fact, the naming convention for all HTML attributes and event references in JSX become camelCase. For example, a click event in JSX is `onClick`, instead of `onclick`. Likewise, `onchange` becomes `onChange`. While this is a subtle difference, it is an important one to keep in mind moving forward.

Apply a class of `myDiv` to the `div` provided in the JSX code.

### Explanation
- HTML and JSX may seem that they are exactly the same but there are a few differences between them.
- One of these differences is the naming convention.
- HTML attributes and event references in JSX become camelCase(onclick => onClick).
- There may also be some words reserved in JavaScript.For instance the word “class” cant be use to define HTML classes in JSX.Therefore instead of using “class” you can use “className”.

1. You may want to change “class” to “className”.

## Practice
1. The constant JSX should return a div element.
2. The div should have a class of myDiv.

```
const JSX = (
  <div className='myDiv'>
    <h1>Add a class to this div</h1>
  </div>
);
```