# [Compose React Components](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/react/compose-react-components)

As the challenges continue to use more complex compositions with React components and JSX, there is one important point to note. Rendering ES6 style class components within other components is no different than rendering the simple components you used in the last few challenges. You can render JSX elements, stateless functional components, and ES6 class components within other components.

In the code editor, the `TypesOfFood` component is already rendering a component called `Vegetables`. Also, there is the `Fruits` component from the last challenge.

Nest two components inside of `Fruits` — first `NonCitrus`, and then `Citrus`. Both of these components are provided for you behind the scenes. Next, nest the `Fruits` class component into the `TypesOfFood` component, below the `h1` heading element and above `Vegetables`. The result should be a series of nested components, which uses two different component types.

### Explanation
1. Use nested components as in the previous challenge to render components.

## Practice
1. The `TypesOfFood` component should return a single `div` element.
2. The `TypesOfFood` component should return the `Fruits` component.
3. The `Fruits` component should return the `NonCitrus` component and the `Citrus` component.
4. The `TypesOfFood` component should return the `Vegetables` component below the `Fruits` component.

The following is the solution to the challenge, where it render Citrus and NonCitrus in a component which is then rendered in another:

```
class Fruits extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
  }
  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <h2>Fruits:</h2>
        <NonCitrus />
        <Citrus />
      </div>
    );
  }
};

class TypesOfFood extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
     super(props);
  }
```

### Links
- [Components and Props](https://legacy.reactjs.org/docs/components-and-props.html)