# [Write a React Component from Scratch](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/react/write-a-react-component-from-scratch)

Now that you've learned the basics of JSX and React components, it's time to write a component on your own. React components are the core building blocks of React applications so it's important to become very familiar with writing them. Remember, a typical React component is an ES6 `class` which extends `React.Component`. It has a render method that returns HTML (from JSX) or `null`. This is the basic form of a React component. Once you understand this well, you will be prepared to start building more complex React projects.

Define a class `MyComponent` that extends `React.Component`. Its render method should return a `div` that contains an `h1` tag with the text: `My First React Component!` in it. Use this text exactly, the case and punctuation matter. Make sure to call the constructor for your component, too.

Render this component to the DOM using `ReactDOM.render()`. There is a `div` with `id='challenge-node'` available for you to use.

### Explanation
In this challenge we want to create a class react component (React components can be class components or function components). All of our class components are going to be an extention of React.Component. For example we can start to make a component called FirstComponent with:

```
class FirstComponent extends React.Component {}
```

We also need to be sure to define the constructor for our new class. It is best practice to call any component’s constructor with super and to pass props to both. super pulls the constructor of our component’s parent class (in this case React.Component). Now, the code for our component looks like this:

```
class FirstComponent extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
  }
}
```

Now all that’s left to do is define what our component will render! We do this by calling the component’s render method, and returning our JSX code:

```
class FirstComponent extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
  }
  render() {
    return (
      // The JSX code you put here is what your component will render
    );
  }
};
```

Once your JSX code is in there, your component is complete! If you want a more granular tutorial of React components Samer Buna [wrote a great article](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-write-your-first-react-js-component-d728d759cabc).


## Practice
1. There should be a React component called `MyComponent`.
2. `MyComponent` should contain an `h1` tag with text `My First React Component!` Case and punctuation matter.
3. `MyComponent` should render to the DOM.
4. `MyComponent` should have a constructor calling `super` with `props`.

```
// change code below this line
class MyComponent extends React.Component{
  constructor(props){
    super(props);
  }
  render(){
    return(
          <div id="challenge-node">
                 <h1>My First React Component!</h1>
          </div>
    );
  }
};
ReactDOM.render(<MyComponent/>, document.getElementById("challenge-node"));
```