# [Create a Controlled Input](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/react/create-a-controlled-input)

Your application may have more complex interactions between `state` and the rendered UI. For example, form control elements for text input, such as `input` and `textarea`, maintain their own state in the DOM as the user types. With React, you can move this mutable state into a React component's `state`. The user's input becomes part of the application `state`, so React controls the value of that input field. Typically, if you have React components with input fields the user can type into, it will be a controlled input form.

### Explanation
Here the idea is to create a controlled input where the text updates from your state, not from the browser.

So to begin with we have a skeleton in which we have a class named `ControlledInput` and a state variable named `input`. Now all you need to do is take that state and when a change in the input box is observed trigger a function that changes the value inside that input box and in the paragraph below it.

So you first step will be making a function that changes the state variable `input`.


```
handleChange(event) {
    this.setState({
      input: event.target.value
    });
}
```

Remember to bind this to the function.

```
this.handleChange = this.handleChange.bind(this)
```
Now your next step will involve creating an input box and trigger it when someone types anything. Luckily we have an event called `onChange()` to serve this purpose.

But this just won’t serve your purpose. Although you might feel that its working. So what’s happening here is text updates from the browser not the state. So to correct this we’ll add a value attribute and set it to `this.state.input` to the input element which will make the input get controlled by state.

```
<input value = {this.state.input} onChange = {this.handleChange}/>
```
It can be a bit hard to digest but to make things further clear try removing the entire onChange thing so your code looks like this


```
<input value = {this.state.input}/>
```
Now run the tests again are you able to type anything?

The answer to it will be “NO” since your input box is getting value from the state variable `input` since there is no change in the state input(an empty string initially) which will only happen when you trigger the function `handleChange()` which will only happen when you have an event handler like `onChange()` hence the string inside the input box will remain as it is i.e, an empty string.

## Practice
The code editor has the skeleton of a component called `ControlledInput` to create a controlled `input` element. The component's `state` is already initialized with an `input` property that holds an empty string. This value represents the text a user types into the `input` field.

First, create a method called `handleChange()` that has a parameter called `event`. When the method is called, it receives an `event` object that contains a string of text from the input element. You can access this string with `event.target.value` inside the method. Update the `input` property of the component's `state` with this new string.

In the `render` method, create the `input` element above the `h4` tag. Add a `value` attribute which is equal to the `input` property of the component's `state`. Then add an `onChange` property set to the `handleChange()` event handler method.

When you type in the input box, that text is processed by the `handleChange()` method, set as the `input` property in the local `state`, and rendered as the value in the input box on the page. The component `state` is the single source of truth regarding the input data.

Last but not least, don't forget to add the necessary bindings in the constructor.

1. `ControlledInput` should return a `div` element which contains an `input` and a `p` tag.
2. The state of `ControlledInput` should initialize with an `input` property set to an empty string.
3. Typing in the input element should update the state and the value of the input, and the `p` element should render this state as you type.

```
class ControlledInput extends React.Component {

  constructor(props) {

    super(props);

    this.state = {

      input: ''

    };

    // Change code below this line

    this.handleChange = this.handleChange.bind(this);

    // Change code above this line

  }

  // Change code below this line

  handleChange (event) {

    this.setState({

      input: event.target.value

    })

  }

  // Change code above this line

  render() {

    return (

      <div>

        { /* Change code below this line */}

        <input value={this.state.input} onChange={this.handleChange} />

        { /* Change code above this line */}

        <h4>Controlled Input:</h4>

        <p>{this.state.input}</p>

      </div>

    );

  }

};
```

Note: In the version of React the curriculum is using (React 16) `event.target.value` will be `null` inside a `setState` [updater function](https://legacy.reactjs.org/docs/state-and-lifecycle.html#state-updates-may-be-asynchronous).

[Event Pooling](https://legacy.reactjs.org/docs/legacy-event-pooling.html): The [SyntheticEvent](https://legacy.reactjs.org/docs/events.html) objects are pooled. This means that the SyntheticEvent object will be reused and all properties will be nullified after the event handler has been called.

You do not need to use an updater function for this challenge, but if you do use one, you can use event.persist() at the top of the handler to have access to the event inside a setState updater function. Here is a [forum thread](https://forum.freecodecamp.org/t/my-react-app-dont-work/436926/4) with more information.