# [Create a Controlled Form](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/react/create-a-controlled-form)

The last challenge showed that React can control the internal state for certain elements like `input` and `textarea`, which makes them controlled components. This applies to other form elements as well, including the regular HTML `form` element.

### Explanation
Creating a controlled form is the same process as creating a controlled input, except you need to handle a submit event.

1. Create a controlled input that stores its value in state, so that there is a single source of truth. This is what you did in the previous challenge. Create an input element, set its value attribute to the input variable located in state. Remember, state can be accessed by `this.state`. Next, set the input element’s `onChange` attribute to call the function ‘handleChange’.

2. Next, create the `handleSubmit` method for your component. First, because your form is submitting you will have to prevent the page from refreshing. Second, call the `setState()` method, passing in an object of the different key-value pairs that you want to change. In this case, you want to set submit to the value of the variable `input`.

3. Now that your data is being handled in state, we can use this data. Create an h1 element. Inside of your h1 element, put the current value of ‘submit’. Remember, ‘submit’ is located within state so you’ll need to use `this.state`. Additionally, placing the variable within JSX requires curly braces `{ }` because it is JavaScript.

## Practice
The `MyForm` component is set up with an empty `form` with a submit handler. The submit handler will be called when the form is submitted.

We've added a button which submits the form. You can see it has the `type` set to `submit` indicating it is the button controlling the form. Add the `input` element in the `form` and set its `value` and `onChange()` attributes like the last challenge. You should then complete the `handleSubmit` method so that it sets the component state property `submit` to the current input value in the local `state`.

Note: You also must call `event.preventDefault()` in the submit handler, to prevent the default form submit behavior which will refresh the web page. For camper convenience, the default behavior has been disabled here to prevent refreshes from resetting challenge code.

Finally, create an `h1` tag after the `form` which renders the `submit` value from the component's `state`. You can then type in the form and click the button (or press enter), and you should see your input rendered to the page.

1. MyForm should return a div element which contains a form and an h1 tag. The form should include an input and a button.
2. The state of MyForm should initialize with input and submit properties, both set to empty strings.
3. Typing in the input element should update the input property of the component's state.
4. Submitting the form should run handleSubmit which should set the submit property in state equal to the current input.
5. handleSubmit should call event.preventDefault
6. The h1 heading element should render the value of the submit field from the component's state.

```
class MyForm extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
      input: '',
      submit: ''
    };
    this.handleChange = this.handleChange.bind(this);
    this.handleSubmit = this.handleSubmit.bind(this);
  }
  handleChange(event) {
    this.setState({
      input: event.target.value
    });
  }
  handleSubmit(event) {
    event.preventDefault()
    this.setState({
      submit: this.state.input
    });
  }
  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <form onSubmit={this.handleSubmit}>
          <input
            value={this.state.input}
            onChange={this.handleChange} />
          <button type='submit'>Submit!</button>
        </form>
        <h1>{this.state.submit}</h1>
      </div>
    );
  }
};
```