# [Pass a Callback as Props](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/react/pass-a-callback-as-props)

You can pass `state` as props to child components, but you're not limited to passing data. You can also pass handler functions or any method that's defined on a React component to a child component. This is how you allow child components to interact with their parent components. You pass methods to a child just like a regular prop. It's assigned a name and you have access to that method name under `this.props` in the child component.

### Explanation
- Add the `GetInput` component to the render method in MyApp, then pass it a prop called `input` assigned to `inputValue` from MyApp’s state. Also create a prop called `handleChange` and pass the input handler `handleChange` to it.

- Add RenderInput to the render method in MyApp, then create a prop called input and pass the inputValue from state to it.

- `state` is a property of `Myapp` class, so use ‘this.state’ to get the object value

- To learn more about state and props, read [State and Lifecycle](https://legacy.reactjs.org/docs/state-and-lifecycle.html) and [Components and Props](https://legacy.reactjs.org/docs/components-and-props.html).

## Practice
There are three components outlined in the code editor. The `MyApp` component is the parent that will render the `GetInput` and `RenderInput` child components. Add the `GetInput` component to the render method in `MyApp`, then pass it a prop called `input` assigned to `inputValue` from `MyApp`'s `state`. Also create a prop called `handleChange` and pass the input handler `handleChange` to it.

Next, add `RenderInput` to the render method in `MyApp`, then create a prop called `input` and pass the `inputValue` from `state` to it. Once you are finished you will be able to type in the `input` field in the `GetInput` component, which then calls the handler method in its parent via props. This updates the input in the `state` of the parent, which is passed as props to both children. Observe how the data flows between the components and how the single source of truth remains the `state` of the parent component. Admittedly, this example is a bit contrived, but should serve to illustrate how data and callbacks can be passed between React components.

1. The `MyApp` component should render.
2. The `GetInput` component should render.
3. The `RenderInput` component should render.
4. The `GetInput` component should receive the `MyApp` state property `inputValue` as props and contain an `input` element which modifies `MyApp` state.
5. The `RenderInput` component should receive the `MyApp` state property `inputValue` as props.

```
class MyApp extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
      inputValue: ''
    }
  this.handleChange = this.handleChange.bind(this);
  }
  handleChange(event) {
    this.setState({
      inputValue: event.target.value
    });
  }
  render() {
    return (
       <div>
         <GetInput
           input={this.state.inputValue}
           handleChange={this.handleChange}/>
         <RenderInput
           input={this.state.inputValue}/>
       </div>
    );
  }
};

class GetInput extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
  }
  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <h3>Get Input:</h3>
        <input
          value={this.props.input}
          onChange={this.props.handleChange}/>
      </div>
    );
  }
};

class RenderInput extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
  }
  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <h3>Input Render:</h3>
        <p>{this.props.input}</p>
      </div>
    );
  }
};
```