# [Use the Lifecycle Method componentWillMount](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/react/use-the-lifecycle-method-componentwillmount)

React components have several special methods that provide opportunities to perform actions at specific points in the lifecycle of a component. These are called lifecycle methods, or lifecycle hooks, and allow you to catch components at certain points in time. This can be before they are rendered, before they update, before they receive props, before they unmount, and so on. Here is a list of some of the main lifecycle methods: `componentWillMount()` `componentDidMount()` `shouldComponentUpdate()` `componentDidUpdate()` `componentWillUnmount()` The next several lessons will cover some of the basic use cases for these lifecycle methods.

Note: The `componentWillMount` Lifecycle method will be deprecated in a future version of 16.X and removed in version 17. Learn more in this article

### Explanation
The challenge is a basic introduction to `React’s LifeCycle` components.
These methods are also called `Lifecycle Hooks`.

1. Log something to the console in the `react componentWillMount` method.

2. The `console.log();` statement is used to log to the browser console.

## Practice
The `componentWillMount()` method is called before the `render()` method when a component is being mounted to the DOM. Log something to the console within `componentWillMount()` - you may want to have your browser console open to see the output.

1. `MyComponent` should render a `div` element.
2. `console.log` should be called in `componentWillMount`.

Since you can log anything, use the `console.log();` and pass in a string. The `componentWillMount` method should look like:

```
componentWillMount() {
  console.log('Component being mounted');
}
```


Note: The componentWillMount Lifecycle method has been deprecated as of version 17, and does not work on later versions. [(Source)](https://legacy.reactjs.org/docs/react-component.html)