# [Optimize Re-Renders with shouldComponentUpdate](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/react/optimize-re-renders-with-shouldcomponentupdate)

So far, if any component receives new `state` or new `props`, it re-renders itself and all its children. This is usually okay. But React provides a lifecycle method you can call when child components receive new `state` or `props`, and declare specifically if the components should update or not. The method is `shouldComponentUpdate()`, and it takes `nextProps` and `nextState` as parameters.

This method is a useful way to optimize performance. For example, the default behavior is that your component re-renders when it receives new `props`, even if the `props` haven't changed. You can use `shouldComponentUpdate()` to prevent this by comparing the `props`. The method must return a `boolean` value that tells React whether or not to update the component. You can compare the current props (`this.props`) to the next props (`nextProps`) to determine if you need to update or not, and return `true` or `false` accordingly.


## Practice
The `shouldComponentUpdate()` method is added in a component called `OnlyEvens`. Currently, this method returns `true` so `OnlyEvens` re-renders every time it receives new props. Modify the method so `OnlyEvens` updates only if the `value` of its new props is even. Click the `Add` button and watch the order of events in your browser's console as the lifecycle hooks are triggered.

1. The `Controller` component should render the `OnlyEvens` component as a child.
2. The `shouldComponentUpdate` method should be defined on the `OnlyEvens` component.
3. The `OnlyEvens` component should return an `h1` tag which renders the value of `this.props.value`.
4. `OnlyEvens` should re-render only when `nextProps.value` is even.

For this solution, you will use an `if/then` statement to check whether the value of `nextProps` is even. `nextProps` differs from `props` in that it is a value that has not been rendered in the UI yet so in the `shouldComponentUpdate()` method, you are essentially asking permission to update the UI with the `nextProps` value.

```
class OnlyEvens extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
  }
  shouldComponentUpdate(nextProps, nextState) {
    console.log('Should I update?');
     // change code below this line
      if (nextProps.value % 2 == 0) {
        return true;
      }
      return false;
     // change code above this line
  }
  componentWillReceiveProps(nextProps) {
    console.log('Receiving new props...');
  }
  componentDidUpdate() {
    console.log('Component re-rendered.');
  }
  ```