# [Use && for a More Concise Conditional](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/react/use--for-a-more-concise-conditional)

The `if/else` statements worked in the last challenge, but there's a more concise way to achieve the same result. Imagine that you are tracking several conditions in a component and you want different elements to render depending on each of these conditions. If you write a lot of `else if` statements to return slightly different UIs, you may repeat code which leaves room for error. Instead, you can use the `&&` logical operator to perform conditional logic in a more concise way. This is possible because you want to check if a condition is `true`, and if it is, return some markup. Here's an example:

```
{condition && <p>markup</p>}
```

If the `condition` is `true`, the markup will be returned. If the condition is `false`, the operation will immediately return `false` after evaluating the `condition` and return nothing. You can include these statements directly in your JSX and string multiple conditions together by writing `&&` after each one. This allows you to handle more complex conditional logic in your `render()` method without repeating a lot of code.

### Explanation
The example given is:
```
{condition && <p>markup</p>} 
```

Which is demonstrated below using the condition of the this.state.dinnerCooked boolean.

If the boolean is true the markup included in the {} with the condition will display, if not it will not display

```
class MyComponent extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
      dinnerCooked: true
    }   
  }
  render() {  
    return (
       <div>       
         {this.state.dinnerCooked &&<h1>Dinner is Cooked!</h1>}//h1 tag contents will be displayed
       </div>
    );
  }
};
```

You don’t have to do a full if/then statement. Just write the condition you are checking.

## Practice
Solve the previous example again, so the `h1` only renders if `display` is `true`, but use the `&&` logical operator instead of an `if/else` statement.

1. `MyComponent` should exist and render.
2. When `display` is set to `true`, a `div`, `button`, and `h1` should render.
3. When `display` is set to `false`, only a `div` and `button` should render.
4. The render method should use the `&&` logical operator to check the condition of `this.state.display`.

As you can see, you don’t have to write the full `if/then` statement. We only need to check the condition and see if it returns `true` or `false`. In this case, we are checking the value of display. If the value is `true`, then you return the value to the right of `&&`, which is `<h1>Displayed!</h1>`. If the condition is `false`, it returns nothing.

```
class MyComponent extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
      display: true
    }
 this.toggleDisplay = this.toggleDisplay.bind(this);
  }
  toggleDisplay() {
    this.setState(state => ({
      display: !state.display
    }));
  }
  render() {
    // change code below this line
    return (
       <div>
         <button onClick={this.toggleDisplay}>Toggle Display</button>
         {this.state.display && <h1>Displayed!</h1>}
       </div>
    );
  }
};
```

## Code Explanation
Explanation from [ReactJS.org documentation](https://legacy.reactjs.org/docs/conditional-rendering.html).

You may embed any expressions in JSX by wrapping them in curly braces. This includes the JavaScript logical && operator. It can be handy for conditionally including an element

It works because in JavaScript, true && expression always evaluates to expression, and false && expression always evaluates to false.

Therefore, if the condition is true, the element right after && will appear in the output. If it is false, React will ignore and skip it.