# [Give Sibling Elements a Unique Key Attribute](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/react/give-sibling-elements-a-unique-key-attribute)

The last challenge showed how the `map` method is used to dynamically render a number of elements based on user input. However, there was an important piece missing from that example. When you create an array of elements, each one needs a `key` attribute set to a unique value. React uses these keys to keep track of which items are added, changed, or removed. This helps make the re-rendering process more efficient when the list is modified in any way.

Note: Keys only need to be unique between sibling elements, they don't need to be globally unique in your application.

### Explanation
It is just almost same as previous [challenge](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/front-end-libraries/react/use-array-map-to-dynamically-render-elements). Just you need to add key attribute.


## Practice
The code editor has an array with some front end frameworks and a stateless functional component named `Frameworks()`. `Frameworks()` needs to map the array to an unordered list, much like in the last challenge. Finish writing the `map` callback to return an `li` element for each framework in the `frontEndFrameworks` array. This time, make sure to give each `li` a `key` attribute, set to a unique value. The `li` elements should also contain text from `frontEndFrameworks`.

Normally, you want to make the key something that uniquely identifies the element being rendered. As a last resort the array index may be used, but typically you should try to use a unique identification.

1. The `Frameworks` component should exist and render to the page.
2. `Frameworks` should render an `h1` element.
3. `Frameworks` should render a `ul` element.
4. The `ul` tag should render 6 child `li` elements.
5. Each list item element should have a unique `key` attribute.
6. Each list item element should contain text from `frontEndFrameworks`.

Add the `key` attribute to the `<li>` and give it a unique value.

Using the array element as the key:

```
const renderFrameworks = frontEndFrameworks.map((item) =>
  <li key={item}>{item}</li>
);
```

Using the array index as the key (should be avoided):

```
const renderFrameworks = frontEndFrameworks.map((item, index) =>
  <li key={index}>{item}</li>
);
```

- [Lists and Keys](https://legacy.reactjs.org/docs/lists-and-keys.html)