# [Manage State Locally First](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-development-libraries/react-and-redux/manage-state-locally-first)

Here you'll finish creating the `DisplayMessages` component.

### Explanation
1. Bind the method calls in component attributes with `this`, e.g.

```
<input onChange={this.handleChange.bind(this)} value={this.state.input}/>
```
or the binding can be done beforehand

2. Pass `event` to `handleChange()` method declaration and note that `event.target.value` stores the input value.

3. You may wanna add the following `<div>` into render content to check if the `handleChange()` method is working.

```
<div>{this.state.input}</div>
```
4. spread operator `...` can be used for array concatenation in `submitMessage()` method declaration.

## Practice
First, in the `render()` method, have the component render an `input` element, `button` element, and `ul` element. When the `input` element changes, it should trigger a `handleChange()` method. Also, the `input` element should render the value of input that's in the component's state. The `button` element should trigger a `submitMessage()` method when it's clicked.

Second, write these two methods. The `handleChange()` method should update the `input` with what the user is typing. The `submitMessage()` method should concatenate the current message (stored in `input`) to the `messages` array in local state, and clear the value of the `input`.

Finally, use the `ul` to map over the array of `messages` and render it to the screen as a list of `li` elements.

1. The `DisplayMessages` component should initialize with a state equal to `{ input: "", messages: [] }`.
2. The `DisplayMessages` component should render a `div` containing an `h2` element, a `button` element, a `ul` element, and `li` elements as children.
3. `.map` should be used on the `messages` array.
4. The `input` element should render the value of `input` in local state.
5. Calling the method `handleChange` should update the `input` value in state to the current input.
6. Clicking the `Add message` button should call the method `submitMessage` which should add the current `input` to the `messages` array in state.
7. The `submitMessage` method should clear the current input.

```
class DisplayMessages extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
      input: '',
      messages: []
    }
  }
  // add handleChange() and submitMessage() methods here
  handleChange(event){
    this.setState({
      input: event.target.value,
      messages: this.state.messages
    })
  }

  submitMessage(){
    this.setState({
      input: '',
      messages: [...this.state.messages, this.state.input]
    })
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <h2>Type in a new Message:</h2>
        { /* render an input, button, and ul here */ }
        <input onChange={this.handleChange.bind(this)} value={this.state.input}/>
        <button onClick={this.submitMessage.bind(this)}>Submit</button>
        <ul>
          {this.state.messages.map((x, i)=>{
            return <li key={i}>{x}</li>
          })}
        </ul>
        { /* change code above this line */ }
      </div>
    );
  }
};
```
